Sorry coders, today's post is just about art. A little code update will be up soon just for you.

So defamiliarization. Yeah. If there is one concept I want to do in this work, is some defamiliarization of music, and aspecially classical music.
I think we treat music as such an obvious part of our lives it sometimes seems like a part of life. An integral part of who we are is the music we listen to, out favorite bands and singers...
But music is artificial in its very essence, its very core is man made - from man made instruments to artificial discretization of the sounds we hear around us into concrete, specific harmonics.
I hope this project will give its users the chance to rethink music in some sense. To hear music like never before, and to forget all that you know about it and start all over again.

I played a little with the tree structures of my code today, and suddenly realized they were flat at one side. just the bark and nothing more.
It is kind of hard to explain it, but go and see the second demo in the project-summary.md page to see exactly what does this mean.
I figured out the bug, but just then I understood it had to stay there. This is exactly what I wanted.
Not to play an actual video of scenery corresponding to the music, but modeling it myself. To construct 3d-computerized-artifical ghosts, imitations of real objects that could not actually exist.
I want the music to start with a beautiful scenery revealed to the viewer, and as the song continues to make the scene less and less real.

Music is artificial just as the model that I construct. It is plastic, it is mimicry. It is all that is false and all that once was true. It is a treasure box containing all that we have, but sometimes we open it to find it empty. I want the users of this to lose their treasures and find them again, new and never used. To see the clouds from above, the way you never thought they can be seen. To make a world with music, grow a tree from a tremolo and burn it down in a shouting crescendo of fire and ice. To burn and regrow. to see the unreal and to find the real again from within it.
